Today we're going to talk about creating a template for our future projects.
It's timesaving step basically.
So what I would like to highlight is that we've created two prox the work office supplies were customer
list and the transactional data and both of them very similar.
They have the blocks the drop table the create table the truncate table they insert into block very
very simple A similar.
They've got this common sense on so we don't want to redo this work every single time.
And even the way we created the transactional data Proc. we used the original proc as a basis.
So why not create a template that you can use every single time and you just have to fill in these blocks
and that's exactly how I work.
That's exactly how you know people who want to be very efficient with their work because that's how
they go about it because you have to sometimes you have to create maybe ten of these in a day.
Depends on the on the number of tables that you're working with and so on.
So let's let's go ahead and create a template as we did previously.
We're going to change this to create So we don't override our previous work.
And here we're going to give it a template name so we'll start with double underscore the NPL double
underscore basically anything you like put put in at the start.
I really suggest starting with an underscore an exclamation mark because that way this proc will be
at the top of all of your prox and you will be it'll be very easy to find it will be lost somewhere
in the middle.
Then you just keep the building that we are ok.
Office supplies transactional data.
What was that for us.
That was the name of the table right.
So we're going to say table name.
And so then you can just simply replace it when when you need to and now or we're going to delete the
author delete the create date description will keep the description because it's always going to be
the same description.
And now we'll take this table name work.
Office supplies transactional data.
So we'll replace that here because now we're creating this table work table name well the table name
will be replaced.
When when this template is used.
Table name here is well create table replace.
Once again you can use a fine research or place functionality.
I'm just going through all the rows so it's more like a specific what we're doing here.
You want to keep the wrong number.
The rest you don't want to keep them but like you can just delete that like like that.
But you want to give give yourself a bit more like a more of a hint of what's going on here or maybe
not a hint maybe like just say a timesavers So let's just put in a random name like let's call it AAA
.
So we'll keep one of each so an A for var char a Warszawa one one hundred let's copy this one here is
on old b b b b.
This one is going I wanted a DVD for date and let's say we and let's keep an intern afloat so just that
you don't have to retype even these types
either.
And the floats is going to be f f.
Hey that's that's pretty that's pretty good coincidence.
All right so then when you're working with this you will know you already have all this prepared so
just keep the row number and then you'll use the ones from here you want to you'll just say if you want
10 10 bar charge you just quickly clone them.
Oh my bad.
You clone them like that and then you just replace the column names with what you want from the other
table that you're going to be importing.
So that's this part.
Now we're going to move on truncate this table insert into this table.
Same thing here.
Take that.
Get rid of these.
OK.
And then finally here order I.
Nor do I have order idea shouldn't have order ID here.
Just a.
And then finally selects similar.
So just also give yourself a hint like this.
It's called X X just because the name can be different.
Actually we'll just called x a and then we'll just keep one of the converts maybe SBB it's up to you
how you set up your template really.
I'm just being a bit over the top right now so we'll just keep this one as maybe x c c c word so you
don't confuse yourself or even somebody else just in case let's call it execs that said this one will
call it that way.
And this one maybe I don't know call it VB.
So there you go so that's that part where are you selecting from.
Obviously the table name is going to be the same in here.
And then you got to put in a date
and don't forget to change this to an X..
And here as well so
roll and then work.
And also the beauty about the template that we've actually changed everywhere.
Worktable them right.
So whenever you need to use this template let me just say it quickly somebody I'm just going to create
this proc and now you'll see it here.
Oops there it is.
So whenever we use this template now we can just take for instance work table name or just take table
name Yep and we can just use a search and replace functionality so control whereas at contrl H and you
just replace it let's say My.
My table name is fraud investigation.
And I replace all of them.
Now I don't even have to do the work it's already done for me fraud investigations been done.
I just have to get rid of the temple.
OK that's good.
Even in the raw tables fraud investigation has been placed.
All I have to do now is take this date and replace it for the day the correct day.
2015 what is it date.
Eleventh.
Replace All.
OK so that's also done for me.
And the only thing I have to do is set up the columns set up the insert into and the select statements
I've you've got old templates I don't need any converts or just get rid of this whole bit.
And I just put in my columns here.
So it's very fast and efficient and you've got that template over there.
So I'm not going to recompile those because I don't want for an investigation of one table name going
to cause that going to modify.
And yet you go as you see you have this Proc. every single time so whenever you need it you just modify
get rid of this change a name and you're off.
You're good to go.
So that's how you create a template and you can see that it is sitting here at the very top of all of
our other products which is very very handy.